---
layout: post
title:  "About"
# date:   2023-01-18 18:36:34 +0100
# categories: jekyll update
---

I earned a PhD in Human and Computer Interaction (HCI), with a user experience and machine learning emphasis. My research has involved developing creative solutions to unresolved issues in the context of novel gestural interactions. Typically, this implied collecting data from real users in order to build solid datasets before modeling their interactions with deep or probabilistic models. This work has been consistently published in peer-reviewed journals and conferences.

I also have expertise in software development. In the telecom industry, I delivered production-ready software written in C on massively parallel embedded devices. Later on, I moved to Python for more scientific tasks while keeping performance in mind. I rely on modern technologies such as pytorch or docker for model creation and deployment, as well as Dash for interactive visualisation. Some of my work has been, when possible, open sourced.

Finally, I have experience in team management and tutoring. I took on the role of SCRUM master with the organisation of the daily meeting, planning meeting and retrospective meeting. In addition, I served as a subject-matter expert by regularly reviewing for conference proceedings or providing guidance to junior members of the team. I also tutored university courses for AI and ML students.

In summary, I am a researcher with advanced coding abilities. With the use of ML and UX frameworks, I can tackle new challenges, propose statistically sound solutions, and accurately and succinctly present my results in paper or through interactive visual aids. I also care about sharing my work with others and supporting learning for my peers.
